Kid Mum Chapter 1
Kat sat with a hand on the bump. She felt the bub kick and twist at the press. This bub that is Kat's kid. Kat's bub- her kid: her little man. OMG!
Thick sad drops went drip, drip, drip in to Kat’s dry hands. Last spring Kat was just a kid in class. She got A+ in maths. A maths quiz in class is a long jump from this. This is just mad.
“Sam,” said Kat to no one. “He will be Sam.
Chapter 2
Kat had met Sam’s dad, Mick, at a gig in the spring. He was from a rap band and he sang well. Mick sang the songs and his four pals did the rap bits. The band- Hot Jinx- was the best band at the gig. The band was the next big thing. It was a hit.
Kat went to the gig with Sid and Jan. Sid, Jan and Kat had met in class last spring. Sid was a whizz in Lit class and Jan was a ‘get fit’ class fan but Kat was best at Maths. The 3 of them got on so well. Class was fun.
 The 3 pals sang well too. Kat sang with a soft lilt but Sid was best at the sad songs. Jan sang a bit but was best at the jazz steps she did as Kat and Sid sang. It was fun to think that the 3 of them had a bit of a band.
As best pals that sang in a band, Kat, Jan and Sid went to lots of gigs. The 3 of them went and had fun. It was a blast in spring when a run of 8 gigs was held. It was held on the grass at the end of the track that led to the shops. The 3 kids got a cut-cost pass from Jan’s dad. (Jan’s dad had pals in the club that set up and ran the gigs.)
Chapter 3
Mick from the band Hot Jinx was 21 and blond. Kat was fond of him from the 1st song. Kim sang his songs back to him from the back of the mosh pit. Sid said to stop. The kids next to them in the back said Kat was a bit mad. Sid and Jan got a bit sick of Kat’s yells but she did not stop. Sid said that Kat must stop. He did not think much of Mick. In fact, Sid and Jan went back and left Kat at the gig.
Mick then sang Kat a song. Mick had the best songs and this song was Kat’s. The song went in to Kat and she felt so glad. From the mosh pit, it was as if it were just Kat and Mick, and that song.
At the end Kat and Mick had a kiss. Sex was not the plan but Kat had had a drink at the gig. She did not drink so much and it was a strong drink. At the end of the drink she felt at a bit of a loss. She was not with it and Kat did not think. She just had a kiss with Mick and then it was too much. The strong drink and the song had got Kat in a mess.
Sid and Jan felt bad on the track so went back to get Kat. Kat was in a mess. Mick had left Kat drunk in the band tent. Sid and Jan got Kat up. She sat and sat till the sick thud in the skull went a bit. Then the 3 pals went back.
Chapter 4
The band left after the gig and Mick left Kat. He did not send a text (SMS). He just left with the band. He was a brat. He was a brat who sang well. Sid was spot on. Mick’s grin was bad and so was he.
Kat was sad but she did not think much of him so that was that. She went back to class and back to her maths and stats. She was top of the class and had 2 pals to sing with.
So, that was that till Kat got sick. She was so sick she did not think much. She had to go to bed and then it went for a bit. It was the crab she had with Mum and Dad. Or was it the fry-up she’d had with Sid and Jan? It was odd. She felt sick and then OK ... and then was sick a bit.
Then Kat got fat and she then felt so sick. This was not the crab or the fry-up. This was that brat Mick from the band and that drink... and the sex. This was bad. In Kat’s tum was a kid. That was why she was sick.

 Kat had to tell. She had to get help. Who did she trust? Sid and Jan got cross with Kat at the gig but the 2 of them had got Kat back from the gig. She must tell them.
Chapter 5
“Stop for a min,” said Kat to Sid and Jan at the end of class, just as the lunch bell rang. “I will be a mum,” she said, quick and fast. Kat’s thin hand held on to the desk as she felt sick. She did not think she had the grit to do this if Sid and Jan did not help. She was so glum and sad.
“OMG!” Jan held Kat in a big hug. She held Kat till the sad cry went and she was still. When the shock went from him, Sid just held Kat too. That long hug from 2 fab pals was so strong. She felt that it was OK. It was not just Kat and the bub. She had pals too. She had the best pals.
“I must tell my Mum and Dad,” said Kat. “Help me do it, Jan?” said Kat. She did not think she’d do it but she had the best pal and Jan said,
“Yes. I will,” as she held Kat’s hand.
Sid was mad. She did not think Sid was in with the plan. Kat felt bad and a bit sick.
“I will be back by ten PM,” said Sid. He held his bag and went. Kat was sad. Sid was
cross.
“IthinkSidismadwithme,”saidKatassheletasobgo. JanheldKatina2ndhugand said,
“He is OK. He is cross. He did not think much of Mick. Sid thinks a lot of us and he was so mad with him at the end of the gig. He was cross then and he was so mad that Mick left. Sid will be back.”
Kat sat in the back of the class and let Jan hug the sad till it was lost for a bit.
Chapter 6
“But Mum!” Kat sat at the end of the bench and Jan held a hand in a strong grip. Kat’s mum was so cross. She was full of shock. Jan and Sid had held Kat but Mum was red and cross and she was not full of a hug. Dad was still and did not do a thing. He was just still.
“Get rid of the bub!” Kat’s mum said in a blurt as she held on to the bench top. Kat’s mum was not glad. She was so sad and cross. “Kat gets A+ in Maths class and this bub will mess it up.” Mum let a sob in to the still-ness.
“No!” said Kat with a sad sob. She did not think much of this mess but this was her bub and that was that.
“Dad?” said Kat.

 Dad went and held Mum in a hug. Kat felt lost. She let a sob go too. Jan held Kat’s hand in a grip. Did Mum and Dad think she was a slut? Was she this bad? Was she left with this bub and no Mum and Dad to help?
Then Dad held Kat too. He held Mum and Kat till the sobs went. A grin went from him to Kat and Mum.
“Dad?” said Kat.
“It will be OK,” Mum said. She was still and not mad. She was soft. “I was 16 when I had my 1st bub.” Kat was full of shock. Dad held Mum and she was sad.
“I got an A+ in maths as well but Gran did not help and I left class. Gran was cross and mad so I ran. She did not help.” Mum was so sad that Kat went and put a hand on her back. Mum put a soft hand on Kat’s tum.
“IwassosadandthenIlostthebub. IwentbacktoGranbutitwassobadthatIleft. I left class and got a job in a shop. That is when I met Dad.” Dad held Mum’s hand.
“She was so swell,” said Dad with a grin.
“We will help,” said Mum, “but maths class will be 1st too. We will help with the bub but maths class will still go on.”
“Yes, Mum. Yes, Dad. I will do maths and I will be with my bub. My Sam will be glad as Gran and Gramps will be with him as I do Maths.” Mum was full of shock. Then the shock went and left a grin.
“Gran? My, my- can I be a gran at just 45?” The shock went in to a grin. “That is OK. I will be so fun and can still run with this bub. This grand-bub, Sam.”
Chapter 7
Click went the lock and Sid ran in. He was hot from the run but glad.
“0953- 86741,” he said. I got it from Jan’s dad. He set up that gig last spring with his club. We can SMS Mick.”
“No!” said Mum and Kat. A grin set on Kat’s lip. Mum was with Kat on this. She did not think much of that brat, Mick. He was not to be with her bub, Sam.
“Cash...”. Sid said. “That brat will get lots of cash from the band. We will get it from him and it will be so Kat can go to class and do maths. She can get the best job with his cash so she can be in class as well as be a mum.”
“Thanks, Sid,” said Kat. She was so glad he was not mad. He was not cross with Kat but with Mick. She felt glad that Sid was still a pal.
“I can get the cash,” said Sid. The hug she and Jan and Sid had was long. Kat was so glad that she had such fab pals.

“That’s OK,” said Dad. “We will get the cops to get the cash from this brat, Mick. Thanks, Sid. The cops will get him with this and he will get cash and help Kat.”
Chapter 8
The bub slept in Kat’s tum. It was still at last. She was glad to be still. It let Kat think. Sam is my kid. With the help of Mum, Dad, Jan and Sid, I will try to help him to be the best that he can be. I will be strong so my bub can be glad.”